>> Jen Kramer: There is probably several
solutions to this particular issue.
You're more than welcome
to do something different.
If it works,
then that's the ultimate arbitrator as
to whether something is good or not.
I tend towards the more efficient
solution, but you can do what you want.
If it works, it works.
Hopefully you got most of those
classes and numbers pretty easily.
If you didn't,
please ask a question in the chat, or
of course, if you're here in
the classroom, ask a question.
But down here when we get to the last row,
which is all of the R5 classes,
what I wound up having to do here was
talk about what row things were on.
And this is what helps me in the desktop
versus the mobile layouts here.
So I added to this a grid row of five,
six for
the desktop and
that helped with the reordering.
When we go back up to the mobile,
sort of the tablet's media query here.
Notice that I have the first and
last columns are on the very last row,
row eight, nine and
the middle item is on row seven, eight.
Make sense?
Okay, so I'm having to dictate things
in that row dimension in
addition to the column dimension.
And then up here in mobile I don't think I
actually have much of anything going on.
I haven't said where anything
is supposed to display and
that seems to be working in mobile.
All right, so
how did things work out for you?
Good?
Everything all right?
Any comments?
>> Speaker 2: I used nth-child selectors-
>> Jen Kramer: Sweet.
>> Speaker 2: Instead of,
the RCC3 kinda breaks down when
you're on various form factors-
>> Jen Kramer: It is true.
>> Speaker 2: At various widths.
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: So.
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah, so
you were using nth-child
as your selector instead.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, and
then I have a question-
>> Jen Kramer: That's great.
>> Speaker 2: About
>> Speaker 2: About the use of the grid
row, versus the order property.
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah, yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Do you
prefer one over the other?
Is-
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah, so
order is also an option.
And sort of leads into one of the other
things I was going to mention here.
If you were with me yesterday,
you remember I gave you
a cheat sheet on FlexBox.
Those of you who are here in the classroom
with me have a printout of this.
If you're online,
if you go into your Chapter Eight folder,
there's a file in there
called gridproperties.txt.
And it is a cheat sheet of
many of these grid properties,
which some people have alluded to today
that I haven't necessarily said anything
about to this point in time.
So the question here has to do with order.
Which is I think was the one that I
wound up not putting on the sheet.
But order, basically is,
works like the FlexBox order property
in that we can reorder
our grid cells in space.
But, If you're doing
something complicated like
completely moving them around
from one location to another,
I think you're gonna find that the order
property doesn't necessarily do it.
By default, all of the boxes
have an order value of one,
if I remember correctly, or zero, yeah.
But it's all the same.
So as soon as you assign an order number,
then that particular item, grid item,
will move to the end, whatever the end is.
And so my sense is that it may work
well if you're doing a simple movement,
like just on a row or just on a column.
But it's probably,
I think it might cause more confusion.
At least, certainly at this point,
as we're just learning grid.
But there's nothing wrong with it.
It's a thing.
>> Speaker 2: Okay, perfect.
>> Jen Kramer: It's a thing,
it's a legitimate thing.
>> Speaker 2: Thank you.